Adds a 'Contact Us' link to the Self-Hosted pages. (#5326)
pulumi/docs: content/docs/guides/self-hosted/api.md

## What's In The Container?

> > **Note**: The container image repository is private. [Contact us]({{< relref "/contact.md" >}}) if you would like to evaluate the Self-Hosted Enterprise Edition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% notes type="info" %}}
The container image repository is private. [Contact us]({{< relref "/contact.md" >}}) if you would like to evaluate the Self-Hosted Enterprise Edition.
{{% /notes %}}
```
